Updated with release notes for June 2025 for Cloud (#7149)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/release-notes/overview-2025/2025-06-releasenotes.md

# June 2025

## Key Takeaways

> * **Hostname Monitoring** – Get notified when your hostnames do not behave as expected - Directly from the Cloud Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Hostname Monitoring** – Get notified when your hostnames do not behave as expected, directly from the Cloud Portal.
```

## Hostname Monitoring
Hostname Monitoring is now available on Umbraco Cloud, giving you better visibility and control over your environment setup.

> This new feature automatically pings your hostnames from one of our supported regions, and verify the response is as expected.
> If a hostname does not respond as expected, you will see it directly in the Cloud Portal.
> This helps you quickly identify and resolve issues that could affect your site’s availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature automatically pings your hostnames from one of the supported regions and verifies that the response is as expected. If a hostname does not respond as expected, you will see it directly in the Cloud Portal. 
This helps you quickly identify and resolve issues that could affect your site’s availability.
```
